Update testing docs for load methods (#6867)
cakephp/docs: en/development/testing.rst

compatible with the fixtures that come with cakephp. You will find additional insights
and documentation `here <https://github.com/vierge-noire/cakephp-fixture-factories>`_.

Loading Routes in Tests
-----------------------

If you are testing mailers, controller components or other classes that require

> routes to be loaded and URLs to be resolve you will need to load routes. During

Reviewer: ```suggestion
routes and resolving URLs, you will need to load routes. During
```
